---
layout: post
title: Weeknotes 29/09/23
categories: weeknotes
---

Spending more time focusing on the kids 

I'd not noticed that Huel have release their 'Essential' powder which I've been testing this last week. For me it hits the requirement, especially for breakfast and days in the office, which have been far to frequent over the last few weeks! Again, I'm not sure how long this has been the case but I've noticed that the Huel bags (the Essentials one at least) is not only made from recycled materials but is also completely recyclable, which is fantastic. 

Having to travel into the office quite a bit the last few weeks which has introduced me to quite a few new people which has been great, although shocking as I've been there over two years now and am only just meeitng some of these people! The increase in travel has got me looking at EV efficency again. Thankfully I am lucky enough to be able to charge my car at work (for free!) and it suggesting I will achieve 333 mile per kwh, which is just over the published WLTP rating, which I'm pretty please with. 
[link to photo] 

Being in the office more I have perfected my in office coffee making kit (Aeropress, pre ground coffee pots, and my beloved Keep Cup [photo]. On the topic of recyclable packaging I've also noticed this week that my regular Pact delivery is not in fully recyclable packaging so even more of a reason to buy Pact coffee! [link to website and instagram post on new packaging] 

Other stuff I've been playing with this week: 

Playing with ChatGPT to make cocktails 
[link to instagram post]

Using Panner vs ToDo, vs DevOps as we still haven't agreed a organisational standard for how we manage our work!  

I've updated my reading list (link) this week and am, frankly, amazed at the numbr of books I've managed to get through the last couple of years. Yes, Audible is _expensive_ but, in my opinion, is well worth it, especially on those longer commutes or solo dog walks. 

Excited using my new Samsung Flip with the Buds Pro and Watch 5. starting music on the phone and managing connectivity on my watch - like touch controlls or noise cancellartion. 

Huel and Pact referal codes: 
